>> Mike North: So what we're going to do
is create two new launch configurations.
One is for starting up our client with
an environment variable in place.
So we've got a web pack plug in that will
print out a nice little tree graph that
will show us like, our app is how big,
and how does that break down.
How many kilobytes are coming from react
and how many are coming from react dom?
So, we'll do that and then, second,
we will use nodemon to continuously,
it's just, this is a commonly
used tool for node development.
And it will just restart a nodejs
program any time a file is changed.
Currently, if you were to edit files
on the back end of this project,
you'd have to actually
stop the debugger and
then start the program again, in order for
those changes to be incorporated.
Like to be taken into account.
Nodemon it's just the same
as life reload or
as what we're using on
the client right now.
Some of you may have like
hot module loading working.
>> Mike North: So I'm gonna go through and
solve these right now.
The first thing we need to do is, I'm just
gonna copy this so you remember what that
environment variables is called, and
we're gonna open our launch.json.
Here, we're going to add an environment.
Actually, I can just
create a copy of this.
I'll leave that here, copy that, paste it.
>> Mike North: And
we're just gonna call this
Launch Chrome and ANALYZE.
Is that how you spell it?
Close enough and,
>> Mike North: Sorry,
it's not Chrome that's interesting here.
It's building our program,
which is the node thing.
So it is front end, but keep in mind
it's the back end that builds it.
So we're gonna call this ANALYZE,
and I'm not gonna start with this.
I'm gonna start with a Launch Program.
So we'll call it Launch Program.
>> Mike North: And
the program is at server/index and
we can pass in env is ANALYZE true.
Let's see.
Sure, I'll make it a string.
Let's see how this works.
So we can now, in our debug configuration.
We should see,
>> Mike North: You
should see a new thing here,
launch program.
Hit it and address is in use.
We can fix that.
>> Mike North: One
more time.
>> Mike North: All right,
it's building.
>> Mike North: Should be building
>> Mike North: Okay, it's opened
somewhere, there it is, it has opened.
So, this is showing us what
our bundle looks like.
And we can drill down and
see like this is the part that's
coming from React and so on.
So now we have a new thing that's built
up based on our environment variable.
The last thing we're gonna do here is,
>> Mike North: We
wanna deal with this nodemon thing and
it turns out this is a common
enough need that there is a built
in nodemon thing that will just
work.
>> Mike North: So
this is saying this is a node
thing we're gonna launch.
The name is called nodemon.
Here's the executable we're gonna use.
This is another example of
like run time executable.
There's our app.
Restart as true integrated
terminal never open, fair enough.
So let's run it.
>> Mike North: All right so
what we've got now if I go to index.JS,
and I set a break point here.
I can restart,
>> Mike North: Come on,
you can come back.
>> Mike North: All
right we'll try again.
>> Mike North: So
run it, okay, so we stop there.
We can let it continue forward and
if I were to change something here and
save it's stopping the debugger and
restarting it again.
Delete, save and
then we're hitting it again.
So play through, down, save and
we're hitting it again.
So it's basically restarting
the program every time a file and
particular set of subset
of our project is changing.
Allowing us to work just as easily as we
do on the client with something like live
reload or every time we save
we see the browser refresh.
Here it is on the server,
and it just kinda works.
So really nice to have this kind of set
up and to be able to integrate it so
nicely with Visual Studio code.